2025-04-13

at midnight I drew some flowers and wrote on the facing page "the garden is mostly wind", finding calm.

mum woke me briefly at 5, asked if I wanted to go to the beach, said no and slept for two more hrs. 

dressed up in my fav fit, shades of olive, so much junk hanging off the jacket and in the pockets, hiking boots that finally got some use this week, dirty, falling apart, comfy poncho over skintight frog shirt. packed lots of nuts n fruits, plus the kindle, thinking I'd like to make somethin compatible with that. wish I'd remembered my fingerless gloves. found my makeup I thought I'd lost months ago in my jacket pocket, put it on in train station bathroom, gender time. recording the drain as I wait for the train, maybe I'll incorporate some voice memos.

on the quiet carriage. journalled some ideas, drew some more flowers, realised I forgot my headphones but its okayy, listened to tehn's gnostics very quietly, phone tucked into scarf. I love the last track, maybe if this is free-licensed I can use it as bgm. will check when I get wifi :'}

funny bickering multilingual family behind me, talking Russian and practicing English and counting the train stops in Spanish.

sketchbook is 19x29 grid, sooo 464x304 pixels.

tried out a few dither methods, and even some animation in aseprite, scrapped, just going to do simple lil static scans of my sketchbook.

txt editor open, starting with a lil complex choose-your-own-adventure structure in mind, simplifying to just a linear series of links holding hands. maybe I'll do some fancy css things, maybe not.

I think I'd like to steal deianara's breathe CSS for the background.

took a break to journal, got less than an hour left on the train.

playtest w en

snarf

#circle{height:100px;width:100px;margin:100px;transform:translate(-50%,-50%);position:absolute;left:50%;right:50;border-radius:100%;border:1px solid;border-color:inherit;animation-name:breathe;animation-duration:11s;animation-iteration-count:infinite;float: none; }
@keyframes breathe {
0%,100%{width:200px;height:200px;}
40%,50%{width:600px;height:600px;}
}

