I'm sitting at my computer with a little text editor window open to a file called nownownow dot txt. My desktop background is Benjamin Lederach Styer's *Melody for Walk to the Reservoir* a beautiful eclectic oil painting, very Spring energy. My text file is framed by the grove in its centre. I've set the scene: lit a candle, put on *Sword and Sworcery E.P.* by Jim Guthrie and spoken my intention for this container of time into my magic kazoo: "an experiment - can I journal with my computer? Can I write without heavy self-editing, with honesty, as if writing a letter to a friend?" Ironically, I'm already struggling with that, the backspace key so ingrained in my muscle memory. This is meant to be a now page, a public update, but I'm trying to write for myself first and edit later.

This is how I've been trying to engage with my computer more as of late: in containers or time, with intentions set, internet connection off unless I need it, an album playing in the background as a neat little container of time in which to get something done (like a pomodoro timer but nice). I find I can get way too focused on the wrong things when working at my computer, and when I have an internet connection but no intention I can very quickly overwhelm myself. I'm treating my computer as ritual site lately, getting more comfortable working from the command line, with only a handful of applications and directories open to me, all elements in a spell.

I've thought about writing this for a few days and it's become a bit of a project in my head. I had a list of things I wanted to write about - or lists plural, scattered across journal pages and personal wiki notes - and now I'm presented with a blank page not all of them are coming to me. Do I open my journal as a helper? I think so. I've recognised my tendency to overwhelm myself with lists, turning creative desires into obligations, projects, todos, walls of sticky notes. I'm trying to reframe lists as a tool rather than a catch-all way of writing and thinking, recognising the ways they can be empowering and hindering. They can help me break down big things into a bunch of atomic parts, but at the same time they can turn seemingly small things into a big project, summoning my executive dysfunction demons to knock me flat on my ass.

Brevity is a skill I'd like to get better at when communicating my thoughts to other people, but right now I'm writing for myself first and others second.

About a year ago I basically quit commercial social media completely, removing them from my phone and setting up Beeper as a bridge to still receive messages, which I check less and less. I log on via the browser to instagram or facebook or twitter very occasionally to check in on people and it always makes me miserable. I had this real constant brain-rot about it, always thinking about where I would draw the line between what I would share and what I would keep to myself. I had an art account and looking back I can really see the effect that was having on my creativity and happiness. I would have a guitar idea and then go straight into recording like 10 takes of it, getting miserable and not sharing it. I would render animations like wyrd-mars straight into the aspect ratio for Instagram reels. 

I didn't make a big deal out of quitting, I just tried to let my closest friends know and tried to stay in touch with them in nicer ways, but I still often feel like I'm missing out. 

Around the time I dropped the art account I made another account on a big Mastodon instance, and tried pointing people (particularly friends stuck in Facebook groups) towards there instead, with no real success. My time in the fediverse has been okay, I've made some lovely mutuals who I'd like to stay connected with, but I still don't think I've ever taken enough time to reconsider how I'd like to use social media in a way that doesn't make me mostly miserable. I recently created a new Twitter and Bluesky account to connect with some new gamedev friends, but being exposed to those algorithmic feeds makes me ill. Aside from interacting with other folks' cool posts, I don't really know what I want to share? Some of my mutuals in smaller servers seem to be having a pretty nice time, maybe I could ask them if I could join theirs.

I joined fedi when I first started engaging with the small web - wikis, webrings, forums and tiny hangouts - it's a jungle out there! However I'm lately starting to recognise that in exploring all these personal websites I was perhaps substituting my "what should I put on social media?" brain-rot with an even deeper cognitohazard: "what if I could dump all the notes on my computer on a website?" I started to treat my big (empowering, inspiring) collection of text files on my computer as a mess that should be cleaned up for the sake of other people. 

When I started orf dot place this is kinda where my head was at, and so I had a bit of paralysis about what to even add to the site because it felt like there was such a backlog. I'm circling back around to that idea of having a personal wiki but I'll just be taking it a few pages at the time and always sharing them for a reason, like wanting to share with a friend how I've been using the terminal for my art (my grimoire grows and grows).

Recently I've been having a lovely time putting little scraps of music and poetry up in memos, and now in an even less effort way in the log. Sometimes I've made a page for my site and not linked it from anywhere for a while, just sending it to a friend like a letter. I'm enjoying this intimate use of the internet, without any metrics for feedback, just kind words or nothing. 

I'm taking things slow, appreciating slow communication - email threads, occasional phone calls, going to weekly events where I know I'll see people.

I just took a quick break and I'm thinking now that I might have been coming at this wrong, or that my means and my ends were in conflict. If I wanted to just write out my thoughts and then edit them for public sharing later, I would have had an easier time using pen and paper and then  sitting down at the computer. Do I have an ulterior motive to journal in a way that creates a lasting artefact, and see sharing my thoughts to the internet as a means for that? It did cross my mind to link to this plain text file on the now page update, as an unabridged version.

Maybe brevity isn't just for others, it's for myself, too, and that can be the power of a nice now page. 

I'm nearing the end of this Jim Guthrie record and I think I'll take a break from my computer after this. I had both a goal to make a now page and an intention to journal unfiltered and those weren't quite in alignment and that's okay. I'll have a drum, and then maybe I'll just write a list.

